---
f_spec-sheet: >-
  https://www.jlg.com/-/media/jlg/current-materials-no-password/products/australia/electric-scissor-lifts/es-series/2630es/docs/2630es-scissor-lift-flyer.pdf
f_fuel-type: Electric
f_working-height-2: 7.75m / 26ft
title: JLG 2630
f_platform-capacity: '230'
slug: jlg-2630
f_image:
  url: /assets/external/6513e623b636704d46929c22_jlg20263020es.jpg
  alt: null
f_machine-type: cms/machine-types/scissor-lifts.md
f_brand: cms/brands/jlg.md
updated-on: '2023-09-27T08:23:24.812Z'
created-on: '2023-09-27T08:23:24.812Z'
published-on: '2023-09-27T08:27:24.397Z'
layout: '[scissor-lifts].html'
tags: scissor-lifts
---

Overview
--------

Experience the unmatched strength of the brand-new JLG 2630ES scissor lift, powered by a robust engine. This model is renowned for its exceptional traction and effortless maneuverability. To enhance convenience, it comes equipped with an automatic battery charger.

‍

Key Specifications
------------------

### Type and Height

This is a 26ft (7.75m) Electric Scissor Lift, perfect for a range of elevated work scenarios.

‍

### Traction and Maneuverability

Known for its excellent traction, the JLG 2630ES ensures smooth turns and easy navigation, even in challenging environments.

‍

### Battery Convenience

An automatic battery charger is integrated into the design for ease of operation and uninterrupted productivity.

‍

Detailed Specifications
-----------------------

### Non-Marking Tyres

Yes, the JLG 2630ES is fitted with non-marking tyres to prevent damage to flooring surfaces.

‍

### Overall Width

The overall width of the lift is 0.76 meters, making it compact enough for various work environments.

‍

### Platform Capacity

It has a platform capacity of 230kg, allowing for safe and secure elevation of personnel and equipment.

‍

### Platform Height

The maximum platform height is 7.75 meters, providing substantial reach for high-level tasks.

‍

### Platform Size

The platform size measures 2.30 meters by 0.76 meters, offering ample space for operators and tools.

‍

### Weight

The total weight of the JLG 2630ES is 2200kg, a testament to its sturdy and reliable construction.

‍

### Wind Rating

Please note that this model is not wind rated. Ensure to operate in suitable weather conditions to maintain safety.

‍
